Teleport 8 Release Notes (#8885)
gravitational/teleport: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 8.0.0

Teleport 8.0 is a major release of Teleport that contains new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

### New Features

#### Windows Desktop Access 

#### TLS Routing

#### AWS CLI

Teleport adds a new command `tsh aws` to obtain AWS credentials using Teleport SSO/RBAC.

#### Application and Database Automatic Discovery

With auto discovery users can ask Teleport to discover databases and applications in their infrastructure and automatically connect them instead of manually setting them up.

#### WebAuthn

> Webauthn support enables Teleport users to use modern second factor devices - apple watch, touch ID.

Reviewer: Does Apple Watch actually support WebAuthn? In what way?

Would it be better to say:

`WebAuthn support enables Teleport users to use modern second factor options, including Apple FaceID and TouchID.`

> Second factor management user interface enables users to update and manage their second factor devices in the browsers. Our UI becomes more secure by requiring users performing some privileged actions, for example editing roles for a second factor confirmation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, the Teleport Web UI includes new second factor management tools, enabling users to configure and update their second factor devices via their web browser.

Lastly, our UI becomes more secure by requiring an additional second factor confirmation for certain privileged actions (editing roles for second factor confirmation, for example).
```
